 # Script

Hello everyone, let's talk about something that everyone knows, something that you probably use a lot and have at home, the microwave ! What's it history ? How does it work ? Who uses it ? There's so much we don't know in that object we all know. Let's talk about it shall we ?

Firstly, the discovery of the microwave was, in fact an accident. In 1945, Percy Spencer was working for Raytheon during the World War Two. Raytheon was an entreprise working on electric and electronic device, like a "Rectifier" which converts alternating current into direct current. During WW2, Raytheon was working on the "cavity magnetron", a device which amplified the radars to detect enemy planes and boats, Percy Spencer was surprised to see that the chocolate in his pocket was melting when he was close to the device. Then, after a few tests with other foods, he tried to make some sort of box where the micro waves emitting from the device where contained, it was able to heat food effectively, and thus the microwave was born.

The first microwaved was commercialized in 1947, but it was very huge, about two meters high. And then, in 1965, Raytheon managed to minimalize the technology inside it, making it become famous in 1975 as the microwaves we know today. 

How does the microwave work ? Well using the megatron technology, it uses electricity to create micro waves, which are able to pass though aliments and shake the molecules of water inside of them, creating heat. The device is very easy to use, just putting the food inside it, wait a few minutes while it's heating, and boom dinner's ready.

This invention was very useful and changed life of many peoples, just imagine a world where students don't have their microwave to heat there food ?! That would be the end of the world ! Nowadays it's very fast and convenient to use, there's no need for any fire or gas cooker, not even for any monitoring. Today there is so much families that have a microwave, because with this everyone is able to prepare something to eat easely, just set the timer and wait. Moreover it's secure to use, as long as the window is closed there isn't any danger for the body.

Now what about a few funfacts about microwaves ? Do you know why some foods just explodes in the microwave ? Well it's because when you heat the food inside, it can become steam, but some aliments aren't able to contain the steam and thus explodes inside the device. On another story, a less fun fact that you may have heard, one day a lady wanted to dry her cat which has been outside in the rain, she simply thinked that if the microwave was able to heat up some food, it could dry her cat, it resulted in the death of her pet inside the microwave, after that this lady took Raytheon to court and won. Raytheon transfered her a lot of money and added a warning to the notice, preventing anyone to try to dry a pet in a microwave.

[[Anglais 2025 01 21]]